#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==0.6.0
    # via sanic
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via black
astroid==2.5
    # via pylint
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
    #   pytest
aws-cdk.assets==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-apigateway==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-batch==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-codebuild==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-codecommit==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-cognito==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecr==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-efs==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-events-targets==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
aws-cdk.aws-events==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-iam==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-kinesis==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-kms==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
aws-cdk.aws-lambda==1.96.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-logs==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
aws-cdk.aws-route53==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications==1.96.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.aws-s3==1.96.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-sam==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
aws-cdk.aws-signer==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-sns==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-sqs==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
aws-cdk.aws-ssm==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
aws-cdk.core==1.96.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.custom-resources==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
aws-cdk.cx-api==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.core
aws-cdk.region-info==1.96.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.core
aws-cdk.yaml-cfn==1.96.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
aws_cdk.aws_ec2==1.96.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws_cdk.aws_ecs==1.96.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws_cdk.aws_ecs_patterns==1.96.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws_cdk.aws_elasticsearch==1.96.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via wikipedia
black==20.8b1
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.17.41
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.20.41
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cattrs==1.3.0
    # via jsii
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
constructs==3.3.71
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
elasticsearch==7.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
httptools==0.1.1
    # via sanic
idna==2.10
    # via requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==5.8.0
    # via pylint
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsii==1.26.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via astroid
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
multidict==5.1.0
    # via sanic
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   mypy
mypy==0.812
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==20.9
    # via pytest
pathspec==0.8.1
    # via black
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-batch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cognito
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs-patterns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticsearch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-notifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pylint==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytest==6.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jsii
regex==2021.3.17
    # via black
requests==2.25.1
    # via wikipedia
s3transfer==0.3.6
    # via boto3
sanic-routing==0.4.3
    # via sanic
sanic==21.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via python-dateutil
smart-open==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
typed-ast==1.4.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   jsii
    #   mypy
ujson==4.0.2
    # via sanic
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
uvloop==0.15.2
    # via sanic
websockets==8.1
    # via sanic
wikipedia==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
